# All Contributions Welcome

It's not just about code. A successful software project requires documentation,
design skills, feedback and bug reports. The BeeWare community acknowledges
that all contributions are important - not just the ones that come as a pull
request on GitHub.

## First-time Contributors

If you're new to the project (or even entirely new to open source in general),
the best place to start is
[here](https://beeware.org/contributing/how/first-time/). Everyone can
contribute to open source, and we're here to show you how.

## Code Contributions

Your code contributions are welcome! Please familiarize yourself with our
[Development Process](https://beeware.org/contributing/how/process/).

If you're looking for something to work on, and don't know where your effort
would be welcome, try looking at the ticket tracker for a project of interest.
There will usually be a couple of tickets with known problems; any ticket is a
candidate for being fixed. Some tickets in particular will be tagged
[up-for-grabs](https://github.com/search?q=user%3Abeeware+label%3Aup-for-grabs+is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen&type=)
- this indicates that they are areas of particular interest where the project
would like contributions.

If you're a first time contributor, some tickets are also tagged as
[first-timers-only](https://github.com/search?q=user%3Abeeware+label%3Afirst-timers-only+is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen&type=).
These are special issues that have been selected because they're relatively
simple introductions to the project, and the BeeWare team will mentor any first
time contributor in committing a patch for one of these issues.

## Platform Usage

Do you use Windows or various flavours of Linux? Are you able to install a
project or application on your system? Did you run into any problems?

If so, please update the documentation to show how you were able to get it to
work, or log an issue if you've found a bug that you can't fix.

## Documentation

Is the documentation up to date? Do you think things could be worded
differently? Are there missing sections? Do you have an idea for a tutorial
that could be written? Please submit a Pull Request!

## Help translate and update our Website

Is there anything wrong or missing from our website? Please feel free to make
edits and submit a pull request!

Want to help translate or update the content of this website? Visit the
translations section.

## Build a real application!

Ultimately BeeWare is a set of tools for building applications. One of the best
ways to evaluate our progress is to see people build real-world applications
with the BeeWare tools. So if you've got an idea for an application you've
always wanted or needed - try to build it!

In the process of building that application, you'll likely find bugs, missing
features, or friction in the development process. Those problems can then be
turned into bug reports or patches.

## Something else

If you've got your own idea for something, or if you don't see any tickets, or
you want to be mentored on a ticket, or you aren't sure how to proceed, contact
the project maintainers on Twitter or Discord. The project maintainers love
collaborating, especially with new contributors, and will gladly answer any
questions or walk you through any problems you may encounter.
